Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
[ Cheering in distance.
bass drum thuds ]
[ Cheering continues ]
-Hey. Mile!
They're ready for you!
Got about 60 seconds.
[ Rooster crows ]
-Coming!
-What the hell
is going on in there?
-[ Scoffs ]
-Mile. got about 30 seconds!
Get ready!
[ Chickens cluck. goat bleats ]
-Miley. they're ready for you.
[ Clucking. bleating continues ]
-Ow!
[ Coo moos ]
-Ooh. she look good.
[ Cheers and applause ]
**
-Well. hello. everybody!
How's everybody doing?
[ Cheers. applause continues ]
Welcome!
Welcome to "Stand By You."
[ Cheers. applause continues ]
* We're here at the Ryman
in Tennessee *
* For a Peacock special
from yours truly *
* Who was born and raised not
far from this shiny stage *
* We're known for our whiskey
and known for our jam *
* And being to glam
to give a damn *
* I guess you could say
breakin' hearts is in my genes *
* I'm happy to have you
in my home town *
* I know Dolly's watchin'.
don't wanna let her down *
* So I brought glitter and gold
right down to my shoe *
* But that's not
what's important to me *
* Or the reason I started
Happy Hippie *
* It's my love and admiration
for this community *
* Yeah. I brought guests.
and I got jokes *
* But that's not all that's
happenin' here. folks *
* We've come together tonight
to celebrate *
* It feels great on stage.
it's been a while *
* Can't wait to get ya singin'
and makin ya smile *
* Whether you're in
these seats right here *
* Or you're watchin from home *
* The grass is green.
the sky is blue *
* My makeup's on fleek.
honey. so is my 'do *
* But to be honest.
I'm wondering *
* Why the hell I'm in a mumu *
* Lil Nas X fell asleep.
looks like nobody cares *
* That always happens when
I don't show my derriere *
* But this is a Pride special
after all *
* Let's just play Cher *
[ Cheers and applause ]
**
-* Do you believe
in life after love? *
-Happy Pride. everybody!
* No matter how hard I try *
* You keep pushing me aside.
and I can't break through *
* There's no talking to you *
* It's so sad that
you're leaving *
* It takes time to believe it *
* But after all
is said and done *
* You're gonna be
the lonely one. oh. oh *
* Do you believe
in life after love? *
* I can feel something
inside me say *
* "I really don't think
you're strong enough. no" *
* Do you believe
in life after love? *
* I can feel something
inside me say *
* "I really don't think
you're strong enough. no" *
* Now what am
I supposed to do? *
Hello. Mother.
* Just sit around
and wait for you *
* Well. I can't do that *
* There's no turning back *
* I need time to move on *
* I need love to feel strong *
* But I've had time
to think it through *
* And maybe
I'm too good for you *
Let's go!
-* Do you believe
in life after love? *
* I can feel something
inside me say *
* "I really don't think
you're strong enough. no" *
* Do you believe
in life after love? *
* I can feel something
inside me say *
* "I really don't think
you're strong enough. no" *
* I know that
I'll get through this *
* And I know *
* I know that I am strong *
* I don't need you anymore *
-* I don't need you anymore *
-* Well. honey.
I don't need you anymore *
-* I don't need you anymore *
-* No. I don't
need you anymore *
* Do you believe
in life after love? *
**
* I can feel something
inside me say *
* "I really don't think you're
strong enough. no. no" *
* No. no. no *
* I can feel inside me saying *
* "I really don't think
I'm strong enough. no. no" *
* No. no. no *
* I can feel something
inside me saying *
-* "I really don't think
you're strong enough. no" *
-Show me how strong you are!
-* Do you believe
in life after love? *
**
* I can feel something
inside me say *
* "I really don't think
you're strong enough. no" *
* Do you believe
in life after love? *
[ Cheers and applause ]
Thank you!
**
[ Cheers and applause ]
-Howdy. Nashville.
Can y'all say howdy?
-Howdy!
-One more time for Miss Pearl.
Howdy!
-Howdy!
Thank you so much
for filling the Ryman up
with all this love and support
in honor of Pride Month!
[ Cheers and applause ]
We're happy to have everybody
here under one roof.
Everybody's welcome here!
[ Cheers and applause ]
Now. before we get started
and dive even deeper
into this fabulous gig
that I've put together all by
myself with no help [Chuckles].
I wanna just say
after this last year and a half.
I think we could all use some
good ol' entertaining escapism.
[ Cheers and applause ]
And I'm just happy and honored
that I can be the one
to serve an hour
of flamboyant fantasy. honey!
[ Cheers and applause ]
But the LGBTQ+ community
that we are here
to celebrate and honor
is constantly
experiencing the struggles
that some of us have only had
to face due to COVID-19.
such as isolation.
being distanced or removed
from our families.
or feeling a loss of freedom
in lockdown.
Hate and injustice
and inequality.
it's a global pandemic
all on its own.
[ Cheers and applause ]
This community and the rights
of individuals a part of it
are at risk!
Lockdown does not
have to be physical.
What about
when you aren't able
to move freely
as your fully expressive self
because of violence
or judgement.
[ Cheers and applause ]
Not cute.
My goal through Happy Hippie.
my nonprofit
that supports LGBTQ+ youth.
is to erase the hate
and replace it with freedom.
[ Cheers and applause ]
Standing here in a state that
stands proud on patriotism.
and in the US that represents
"The Land of the Free."
there is an extensive amount
of devoted action
that must take place
for this country
to be exactly all of that
for all Americans!
[ Cheers and applause ]
And so for my first
musical guests.
I'm very proud to introduce
multi-Grammy award winners
and allies to this community.
Little Big Town.
And it's a big deal!
[ Cheers and applause ]
**
Come on now.
Come on. silver.
Come on. shoe.
* You with the sad eyes *
* Don't be discouraged *
* Oh. I realize it's *
* Hard to take courage *
* In a world full of people *
* You can lose sight of it all *
* And the darkness
makes you feel so small *
-* But I see your true colors
shining through *
* I see your true colors.
and that's why I love you *
* So don't be afraid *
-* To let them show *
* Your true colors *
* True colors *
* Are beautiful like a rainbow *
-Yes. they are.
**
* Show me a smile *
* Then don't be unhappy *
* Can't remember when I *
* Last saw you laughing *
* If this world
makes you crazy *
* And you've taken
all you can bear *
* You call me up *
* Because you know
I'll be there *
-* And I see your true colors
shining through *
-Yes!
-* I see your true colors *
* And that's why I love you *
* So don't be afraid *
-Come on!
-* To let them show *
* Your true colors *
* True colors *
* Are beautiful *
-* Like a rainbow *
-Come on.
[ Cheers and applause ]
**
-* Ooh. ooh. ooh *
-I can't remember when
I last saw you laugh.
**
-* If this world makes you crazy
and you've taken all you can *
* Just call me up *
* 'Cause you know
I'll be there *
* I'll see your true colors.
shining through *
-Yes!
-* I see your true colors *
* And that's why I love you *
* So don't be afraid *
-* To let them show *
* Your true colors *
* True colors *
* Are beautiful *
* Like a rainbow *
Yes. they are!
Thank you!
Is this not the most fun show?
It's all down here from here.
Thank you.
Thanks so much. LBT!
NBD.
We're cool like that.
[ Chuckles ]
[ Cheering continues ]
Thank you. everybody.
As you know.
we're here to celebrate
something very special!
Tonight will be all
about my outfits.
[ Cheers and applause ]
I mean...
having a good time surrounded
by love and great music.
but most importantly
bringing awareness
to really important issues.
[ Chuckles ]
Now. with that being said.
this next song
is off a record of mine
called "Can't Be Tamed"...
[ Cheers and applause ]
...which was about
my own personal
self expression and freedom!
[ Cheers and applause ]
This song is one that
I wrote for a friend of mine
struggling to come out in 2010.
and the conversation wasn't
nearly as fluid and open
as it is today.
But there is still so much
progress to be made.
This song is called.
"My Heart Beats For Love."
**
* I've been stranded
on a lonely street *
* Got lost in the shadows.
fell hard in the battle *
* Heard cries
and the suffering *
* Walked through the darkness.
left broken and heartless *
* I'm calling out.
can you hear my voice? *
* I'm gonna find you
through all the noise *
* You know there's nothing
that I wouldn't do *
* To shine your light
as I reach for you *
* My heart beats for love.
My heart beats for love *
* It's the sound that I hear.
tells me not to give up *
* It breathes in my chest.
and it runs through my blood *
* My heart beats for love.
my heart beats for loo-ove *
* Whoa oh *
* Whoaa ooh. oh *
* Oh. yeah *
* And I've been told at
least a thousand times *
* It's not worth the struggle.
the hurt or the trouble *
* I keep running up
to these front lines *
* No. no. I won't surrender *
* I'll wait here
with you forever *
* I'm standing here
with my flag held high *
* Can't you see that
it's worth the fight *
Sing along!
-* My heart beats for love *
* My heart beats for love *
* It's the sound that I hear.
tells me not to give up *
-* It breathes in my chest.
it runs through my blood *
* My heart beats for love.
my heart beats for loo-ove *
* Whoa ooh *
-* Whoa oh. oh *
**
-Sing it with me if you know it.
* I'll run across
this battlefield *
* Screaming out.
can you hear me now? *
* I'm holding on.
I stand my ground *
* I'm screaming out.
can you hear me *
* Noooooow? *
-* My heart beats for love *
* My heart beats for love *
-* It's the sound that I hear *
* Tells me we won't give up *
-* It breathes in my chest.
and it runs through my blood *
* My heart beats for love.
my heart beats for love *
-* My heart beats for love.
* It's the sound that I hear *
* I promise. I won't give up! *
* It breathes in my chest.
and it runs through my blood *
-* My heart beats for love.
My heart beats for love *
I'm gonna keep fighting for us.
for our community that
we treasure and we hold so dear.
And while I do it.
I'mma be in Gucci.
[ Cheers and applause ]
Alright!
Now I want to introduce
my very special next guest.
We're starting out with TJ.
who loves a man
with a sense of humor
and online gaming.
[ Cheers and applause ]
And John who loves pad Thai
and his favorite color
is a calming shade of blue.
And together.
they are new friends.
Brothers Osborne.
[ Cheers and applause ]
**
Slay 'em. TJ.
-* Many times.
I tried to tell you *
* Many times. I cried alone *
-Yes!
-* Always.
I'm surprised how well *
* You cut my feelings
to the bone *
* Don't want to leave you.
really *
* I've invested too much time *
* To give you up that easy *
* To the doubts that
complicate your mind *
-* We belong to the light.
we belong to the thunder *
* We belong to the sound of the
words we've both fallen under *
-Yeah!
-* Whatever we deny or embrace
for worse or for better *
* We belong *
* We belong.
we belong together *
-* Maybe it's a sign
of weakness *
* When I don't know
what to say *
* And maybe I just
wouldn't know *
* What to do with my strength
anyway *
-* Have we become a habit? *
* Do we distort the facts? *
* Now there's no looking
forward *
-* Now there's no turning back *
-* When you say
we belong to the light *
* We belong to the thunder *
-You're everything!
-* We belong to the sound
of the words *
* We've both fallen under *
* Oh. whatever
we deny or embrace *
* For worse or for better *
* We belong *
* We belong.
we belong together *
**
-* Close your eyes
and try to sleep now *
* Close your eyes
and try to dream *
* Clear your mind
and do your best *
* To try and wash
the palette clean *
* We can't begin to know it *
* How much we really care *
* I hear your voice inside me *
-* I see your face everywhere *
-* Still you say *
-* We belong to the light *
* We belong to the thunder *
* We belong to the sound of the
words we've both fallen under *
-* Oh. whatever
we deny or embrace *
* For worse or for better *
* We belong *
* We belong.
we belong together *
-* We belong. we belong! *
-* We belong to the light.
we belong to the thunder *
-* We belong *
* We belong to the sound
of the words *
* We've both fallen under *
-Yeah!
-* Whatever we deny or embrace *
* For worse or for better *
* We belong *
* We belong.
we belong together *
-* We belooo-o-ong *
[ Cheers and applause ]
Thank you!
I gotta say.
we do belong. all of us.
[ Cheers and applause ]
We belong!
Thank you. Brothers Osborne.
[ Cheers continue ]
**
[ Cheers and applause ]
-We're ready.
These shoes
feel a little too big.
If I do this for you
right now. bitch.
I might slip out of them --
look.
I think I'm okay.
[ Cheers and applause ]
**
-* Hey. mister deejay.
put a record on *
* I wanna dance with my baby *
* And when the music starts.
I never want to stop *
* It's gonna drive me crazy *
Come on!
* Music makes the people *
* Come together. yeah! *
* And music makes
the bourgeoisie *
* And the rebel *
* Don't think of yesterday
and don't look at the clock *
* I like to boogie-woogie *
* It's like riding on the wind.
and it never goes away *
* Touches everything I'm in.
got to have it everyday *
Come on!
* Music makes the people *
* Come together. yeah! *
* And music makes
the bourgeoisie *
* And the rebel. yeah! *
**
* Music *
-* Music *
* Whoo! *
**
Unh!
[ Cheers and applause ]
Come on. everybody!
Do you believe in love?
'Cause I've got something
to say about it.
and it goes something like this.
* Don't go for second best.
baby *
* Put your love to the test.
you know. you know *
* You've got to make him
express how he feels *
* And maybe then you'll know
your love is real *
* You don't need diamond rings
or 18-karat gold *
* Fancy cars that go very fast *
* you know they never last.
no. no *
* What you need
is a big strong hand *
* To lift you to your
higher ground. yeah *
* Make you feel like
a queen on a throne *
* Make him love you till
you can't come down *
* Hey. don't go for second best.
baby *
* Put your love to the test.
you know. you know *
* You've got to make him
express how he feels *
* And then you'll know
your love is real *
* Express yourself! *
-* You've got to make him *
-* Express himself *
-* Hey. hey. hey. hey *
* So if you want it right now *
* Make him show you how *
* Express what he's got *
* Baby. ready or not *
* Express yourself *
[ Cheers and applause ]
**
* Life is a mystery *
* Everyone must stand alone *
* I hear you call my name *
* And it feels like home *
**
* When you call my name.
it's like a little prayer *
* I'm down on my knees.
I wanna take you there *
* In the midnight hour.
I can feel your power *
* Just like a prayer.
I wanna take you there *
* I hear your voice *
* It's like an angel sighing *
* I have no choice *
* I hear your voice *
* Feels like flying *
* I close my eyes *
* Oh. God. I think I'm falling *
* Out of the sky *
* I close my eyes *
* Heaven help me *
* When you call my name.
it's like a little prayer *
* I'm down on my knees.
I wanna take you there *
* In the midnight hour.
I can feel your power *
* Just like a prayer.
I wanna take you there *
* Ah. oh *
-* Ah. oh *
-* Life is a mystery *
* Everyone must stand alone *
* I hear you call my name *
* And it feels like home *
* Just like a prayer *
* You know I'll take you there *
* You're like a muse to me *
* You are a mystery *
* Just like a dream *
* You are not what you seem *
* Just like a prayer.
no choice *
* Your voice can take me there *
* Oh. you take me there *
* Just like a muse to me *
-* Just like a prayer.
I'll take you there *
* It's like a dream to me *
* Just like a prayer *
-* Oh. I'll take you there *
-* It's like a dream to me *
* Just like a prayer.
I'll take you there *
-* You are a muse to me *
* Oh! *
**
Bish!
* Take me there *
[ Cheers and applause ]
**
Thank you!
[ Cheers and applause ]
**
-* I said.
I wanna touch the Earth *
* I wanna break it in my hands *
* I wanna grow something
wild and unruly *
-* I wanna sleep
on the hard ground *
* In the comfort of your arms *
* on a pillow of blue bonnets *
* In a blanket made of stars *
* Oh. it sounds good to me *
-* I said. cowboy take me away *
* Fly this girl as high
as you can into the wild blue *
* Set me free. oh *
* I pray *
-* Closer to heaven above
and closer to you *
-* Closer to you *
-I mean...
we couldn't have looked better
together if we had planned it.
-I mean. we had to.
-Okay. We kind of planned it.
-* Ooh. I wanna walk
and not run *
* I wanna skip and not fall *
* I wanna look at the horizon *
* And not see a building
standing tall *
* I wanna be the only one *
* For miles and miles *
* Except for maybe you *
* And your simple smile *
* Oh. it sounds good to me *
-* Oh. yes. it sounds *
-* It sounds *
-* So good to me *
-* Cowboy. take me away *
* Fly this girl as high
as you can into the wild blue *
-* Set me free. oh. I pray *
* Closer to heaven above
and closer to you *
-* Closer to you *
**
[ Laughs ]
Ah!
You look so damn good.
I can't see your face. but...
it ain't gonna matter
once the lights are off.
[ Cheers and applause ]
* I said.
I wanna touch the Earth *
-* I wanna break it
in my hands *
-* I wanna grow something
wild and unruly *
-* Oh. it sounds good to me *
-* Cowboy. take me away *
* Fly this girl as high
as you can into the wild blue *
-* Set me free. oh. I pray *
* Closer to heaven above
and closer to you *
-Come on!
-* Closer to yo-o-ou! *
**
-* Closer to you *
-* Cowboy. take me away *
* Close to you *
**
[ Cheers and applause ]
-Thank you. cowboy!
-Thank you!
Oh. man.
Thank you.
It might not feel like it
all the time.
but we have made a lot
of progress in recent years.
This is a celebration.
so I want to start
with something.
In the U.S..
marriage equality became
the law of the land in 2015.
[ Cheers and applause ]
And a record number
of out athletes
competed in the last Olympics.
[ Cheers and applause ]
And a record number
of LGBTQ lawmakers
were elected in 2018.
[ Cheers and applause ]
And we now have the first
openly gay cabinet member.
What about that?!
We are seeing our community
represented more and more
in all
of its beautiful diversity
in culture. politics.
and leadership.
[ Cheers and applause ]
It's important
to recognize all the wins.
no matter how big or small!
[ Cheers and applause ]
And talk about a big win!
I wanna bring out Grammy winner
and dancing queen. Maren Morris.
to celebrate!
She's everything
Come on. girl!
**
On the low. I'm trying
to take her back to the farm.
You know what I'm sayin'?
**
And she's about to sing.
-* Ooh *
* You can dance *
* You can jive *
* Having the time of your life *
* Ooh. see that girl *
* Watch that scene *
* Digging the dancing queen *
-Alright. let's go!
-Queen Maren. everybody!
-* Friday night.
and the lights are low *
* Looking out for
a place to go *
* Where they play
the right music *
* Getting in the swing *
* You come to look for a king *
-I think she's talking about me.
-* Anybody could be that guy *
* The night is young.
and the music's *
-* High *
* With a bit of rock music *
* Everything is fine *
* You're in the mood
for a dance *
* And when you get the chance *
-Sing!
-* You are the dancing queen *
* Young and sweet. only 17 *
* Dancing Queen *
* Feel the beat from
the tambourine *
* Oh. yeah *
* You can dance *
* You can jive *
* Having the time of your life *
* Ooh. see that girl.
watch that scene *
* Digging the dancing queen *
-Alright! Next up!
-Hey!
* You're a teaser.
you turn 'em on *
* You leave 'em burning.
and then you're *
-* Gone *
-* Looking out for another.
anyone will do *
* You're in the mood
for a dance *
* And when you get the chance *
-Show Maren what Pride is about!
-* You are the dancing queen *
-* Young and sweet. only 17 *
* Dancing Queen *
* Feel the beat from
the tambourine *
* Oh. yeah *
* You can dance *
* You can jive *
* Having the time of your life *
* Ooh. see that girl.
watch that scene *
* Digging the dancing queen *
-* Yee-eah! *
-* Digging the dancing queen *
**
-Alright. y'all.
Ha! Maren Morris!
This might be one of those...
longwardrobe changes.
**
[ Cheers and applause ]
-* Oooh. oooh *
* Oooh. oooh *
* Hey. hey *
* Red cups and sweaty bodies
everywhere *
* Hands in the air
like we don't care *
-They are singing.
I might go out there and vamp.
-Yeah. Do it.
-Okay. We're good.
We're ready to go.
-* If you're not
ready to go home *
[ Cheers and applause ]
-* Can I get a "Hell no" *
* 'Cause we gonna go all night *
* 'Til we see the sunlight *
-* La-da-di-da-di.
we like to party *
* Dancing with Molly.
doing whatever we want *
* 'Cause this is our house.
this is our rules *
* We can't stop *
* We won't stop *
* Can't you see it's we
who own the night? *
* Can't you see it we
who 'bout that life? *
* We can't stop *
* We won't stop *
* 'Cause we run things.
things don't run we *
* We don't take nothing
from nobody. yeah. yeah *
[ Cheers and applause ]
That's right!
A little something.
Thank you guys so much.
**
* Oh *
* Why you look so sad *
* Tears are in your eyes *
* Come on. come to me now *
* And don't *
* Be ashamed to cry *
* Let me see you through *
* 'Cause I've seen
the dark side. too *
* And when the night
falls on you *
* You don't know what to do *
* Nothing you confess *
* Could make me love you less *
* I'll stand by you *
* Won't let nobody hurt you *
* And so *
* if you're mad get mad *
* Don't hold it all inside *
* Come on. talk to me now *
* And hey *
* What you got to hide *
* Yeah. I get angry too *
* Well. I'm a lot like you *
* When you're standing
at the crossroads *
* And don't know
which path to choose *
* Let me come along *
* 'Cause even if you're wrong *
* I'll stand by you *
* I won't let nobody hurt you *
* Take me in.
into your darkest hour *
* No. I'll never desert you *
* I'll stand by you *
**
* And when *
* When the night falls on you.
baby *
* You're feeling all alone *
* Oh. you won't be on your own *
* You. yeah *
-* Ahhhhhhh *
-* I won't let nobody hurt you *
-* Oh. and I'll stand by you *
* Take me in.
into your darkest hour *
* No. I'll never desert you *
* I'll stand by you *
* And you and you and you *
* And you *
* Won't let nobody hurt you *
* I'll stand by you *
* And you and you and you *
* And you and you *
* Won't let nobody hurt you *
* I'll stand by you *
* I won't let nobody hurt you *
* Oh *
* I'll stand by you *
[ Cheers and applause ]
Thank you!
And it's true.
Thank you all so much.
I wanna bring out my girl
Mickey Guyton.
an ally of the community.
Hey!
And just a queen
who doesn't have
a heart of glass.
but of gold!
-Yes!
-She's everything!
Give it for Mickey Guyton!
**
Give it to me!
-* Once I had a love.
and it was a gas *
* Soon turned out
I had a heart of glass *
* Seemed like the real thing.
only to find *
* Mucho mistrust.
love's gone behind *
Whoo!
-She is everything tonight!
Yes way!
**
* Once I had a love.
and it was divine *
* I soon found out
that I was losing my mind *
* it seemed like the real thing.
I was so blind *
* Mucho mistrust *
-* Love's gone behind *
-Hey!
-Sing it. Mickey!
-* In between *
* What I find is pleasing.
and I'm feeling fine *
* Love is so confusing.
there's no peace of mind *
* If I fear I'm losing you.
it's just no good *
* You teasing like you do *
-I mean. Mickey can sing!
Give it to her!
**
* Once I had a love.
and it was a gas *
-* It soon turned out.
I had a heart of glass *
-Work!
* Seemed like the real thing.
only to find *
-* Mucho mistrust.
love's gone behind *
* Lost inside *
* Adorable illusion.
and I cannot hide *
* I'm the one you're using.
please don't push me aside *
* We coulda made it cruising.
yeah *
-* Hey! *
-* Na-na-na *
* Na-na-na na na na na
Na-Na-Na *
na-na-na *
* Na-na-na na na na na *
* You're riding high on
love's true bluish light *
-Hey!
-* Woah oh oh *
-* Oh-oh oh oh *
-* Woah oh-oh oh oh *
Mickey!
Girl...
My girl slays!
And she parties. so we gotta go!
Hey!
**
[ Cheers and applause ]
[ Cheering continues ]
-These are the k--
When I ask you
if you like my outfit.
this is the reaction
I'm looking for.
Okay?
Take note.
Jaime's been saying "sickening"
all day.
but this is the kind
of enthusiasm.
When I'm like.
"Ain't this cute?"
It's like. yeah!
It's sickening!
It's everything!
Like. this is what
I'm asking for.
"Yeah. looks good.
Can we talk about the show?"
That's what I get.
Alright.
Nashville is the home
of country music.
And country music is all about
authentic storytelling.
And the more people
we welcome in
and allow them
to be who they are.
the more personal stories
we will get to hear!
[ Cheers and applause ]
And being born and raised
in Nashville.
I know treating others
how we wanna be treated.
hospitality.
and kind-heartedness
is at the core of our values!
[ Cheers and applause ]
That's the spirit of the South.
It's what we're known for.
So. I encourage and ask my city
to be welcoming to all people
because that's who we are.
and that's what we do.
[ Cheers and applause ]
Tennessee has been a place that
I call home all of my life.
and it provides me
with a sense of safety
that I wish
for everyone to experience.
So. let's be that place.
Nashville.
where people of all identities
feel at home!
[ Cheers and applause ]
There is a lot of work
to be done
and progress to be made!
But this next song is about
not being discouraged
by the distance.
but inspired by the journey!
[ Cheers and applause ]
Life's a climb.
But the view is great!
**
-* I can almost see it *
* That dream I'm dreaming *
* But there's a voice
inside my head *
* Saying you'll never reach it *
* Every step I'm taking *
* Every move I make feels *
* Lost with no direction *
* My faith is shaking *
* I *
* I gotta keep trying *
* Got to keep my head
held high *
* There's always gonna be
another mountain *
* Always gonna wanna
make it move *
* Always gonna be
an uphill battle *
* Sometimes.
I'm gonna have to lose *
* Ain't about
how fast I get there *
* Ain't about what's waiting
on the other si-i-ide *
-* It's the climb *
**
* The struggles I'm facing *
* The chances I'm taking *
* Sometimes might
knock me down *
* But no. I'm not breaking *
* And I may not know it *
* But these are the moments *
* That I'm gonna remember most.
yeah *
* I just gotta keep going.
and I *
* I gotta be strong *
Let me hear you!
-* Just keep pushing on *
* 'Cause *
* There's always gonna be
another mountain *
* I'm always gonna
wanna make it move *
* Always gonna be
an uphill battle *
* Sometimes.
I'm gonna have to lose *
* Ain't about how fast
I get there *
* It ain't about what's waiting
on the other si-i-ide *
* It's the climb *
* Oh. yeah *
**
* Ohhhhhh! *
* There's always gonna be
another mountain *
* Always gonna wanna
make it move *
* Always gonna be
an uphill battle *
**
* It ain't about how
fast I get there *
* It ain't about what's waiting
on the other si-i-ide *
* It's the climb *
* Oh. yeah *
Let me hear you!
* Well. keep on moving.
keep climbing *
* Keep the faith. baby *
Let me hear you!
-* It's all about.
it's all about *
* The climb *
* Keep the faith *
**
* Whoa oh oh *
[ Cheers and applause ]
Thank you.
Thank you. everybody.
Okay. Hold on.
We got lipstick time.
[ Chuckles ]
We gotta do it here.
Just give me a powder. honestly.
You guys want to see me
beat my face?
[ Cheers and applause ]
Honestly.
We're just gonna do it here.
This is a safe space.
We can all do what
we need to do.
This is James.
who beat my mug.
I'm gonna do a tutorial.
So first we go in
with our beauty blender.
Okay. Actually. don't take
any makeup advice from me.
This has been a shit show.
But -- I'm just joking.
He's sickening.
and he's iconic.
[ Chuckles ]
A little red lipstick on
the tip never hurt anybody.
[ Cheers and applause ]
Thank you.
Alright.
Now. to create the changes
we want to see.
it's gonna take dedication.
To make progress.
you have to be disciplined
and take small steps
towards big dreams
and be devoted daily!
[ Cheers and applause ]
I learned everything I know
about that type of diligence
from my coaches at
Premier Cheerleading
here in Nashville!
And it's with pride.
I introduce the next generation
of cheerleaders
of Premier Athletics!
[ Cheers and applause ]
I wanna thank my coaches.
Chasity & Jay.
for making this possible
and instilling in me that
nothing worth anything is easy.
It takes persistence
and determination!
[ Cheers and applause ]
And a special thanks to my
* best friend Lesley *
for dealing with me
all the times
* I was being Miley *
and it's always
been pretty extra.
So. thanks for putting
this together for me. girl.
This is a very special
full circle moment!
Love you!
Who's ready to party
in the USA?!
[ Cheers and applause ]
Let's go girls!
Don't sue me. Shania.
**
* I hopped off
the plane at LAX *
* With a dream and my cardigan *
* Welcome to the land
of fame excess *
* Whoa. am I gonna fit in *
* I jumped in the cab.
I'm for the first time *
* Look to my right.
I see the Hollywood sign *
* This is all so crazy.
everybody seems so famous *
* My tummy's turnin'.
and I'm feelin' kinda homesick *
* Too much pressure.
and I'm nervous *
* That's when the taxi man
turned on the radio *
Sing it!
-* And a Jay-Z song was on *
* And a Jay-Z song was on *
-Show 'em how we do it. girls!
* So I put my hands up.
they're playing my song *
* The butterflies fly away *
* I'm noddin' my head
like yeah *
* I'm movin' my hips like yeah *
* I put my hands up.
they're playing my song *
* They know I'm gonna be okay *
* Ye-e-eah *
* It's a party in the U.S.A. *
Yes!
-* Ye-e-eah *
-* It's a party in the U.S.A. *
* Get to the club
in my taxi cab *
* Everybody's looking
at her now *
You better work!
* "Who's that chick
that's rockin' kicks? *
* Hey. she gotta be
from out of town" *
* Hey. it's so hard with
my girls not around me *
* It's definitely not
a Nashville party *
* 'Cause all I see
are stilettos *
* I guess I never got the memo *
* My tummy's turnin'.
and I'm feelin' kinda homesick *
* There's too much pressure.
and I'm nervous *
* So. the deejay dropped my *
* A Britney song was on *
* So I put my hands up.
they're playing my song *
* The butterflies fly away *
* I'm noddin' my head
like yeah *
* Movin' my hips like yeah *
* I got my hands up.
they're playing my song *
* They know I'm gonna be okay *
* Ye-e-eah *
* It's a party in the U.S.A. *
-* It's a party in the U.S.A. *
* Feel like hopping
on a flight *
* Back to my hometown tonight *
Yes!
* But something
stops me every time *
* The deejay plays my song.
I feel alright *
-* So. I put my hands up.
they're playing my song *
* The butterflies fly away *
* I'm noddin' my head
like yeah *
* Movin' my hips like yeah *
* Hands up.
they're playing my song *
* They know I'm gonna be okay *
* Ye-e-eah *
* It's a party in the U.S.A. *
* Put my hands up.
they're playing my song *
* The butterflies fly away *
* I'm noddin' my head
like yeah *
* Movin' my hips like yeah *
* Hands up.
they're playing my song *
* Know I'm gonna be okay *
* Ye-e-eah *
* It's a party in the U.S.A. *
**
[ Cheers and applause ]
[ Cheering continues ]
**
[ Cheers and applause ]
-This is my last song.
I want to thank you guys for
being such an amazing audience.
I couldn't have asked
for more incredible people
to fill up this room.
[ Cheers and applause ]
Including you guys!
And you beautiful gals.
everybody backstage
that made it possible.
NBC and Peacock.
everybody that put this show on.
It has been a dream come true
to celebrate pride and share
this message with y'all.
So. we're gonna close this show
with a song that is
about not what we want
but what we demand.
This song is called "Freedom!"
[ Cheers and applause ]
**
Unh!
* I won't let you down *
* I will not give you up *
* I gotta have faith
in the sound *
* It's the one good thing
that I've got *
* I won't let you down *
* So please don't give me up *
* 'Cause I would really. really
love to stick around *
* Oh. yeah *
* Oh! *
**
* Yeah. heaven knows
I was just a young boy *
* Didn't know what
I wanted to be *
-* Didn't know what
-* I was every little hungry
schoolgirl's pride and joy *
* I guess it was enough for me *
-* Guess it was enough for me *
-* To win the race.
a prettier face *
* Brand new clothes
and a big fat place *
* On your rock and roll TV *
-* Rock and roll TV *
-* But today the way I play
the game is not the same *
* No way *
* I think I'm gonna
make myself happy *
-* I'm gonna get me some happy *
* I think there's something
you should know *
-* I think it's time
I told you so *
-* There's something deep
inside of me *
-* There's someone else
I've got to be *
-* Take back your picture
in a frame *
-* Take back your singing
in the rain *
* I just hope you understand *
* Sometimes the clothes
do not make the man *
* All we have to do now *
* Is take these lies *
* And make them true somehow *
* All we have to see *
* Is that I don't
belong to you *
* And you don't belong to me. *
* Yeah. yeah *
-* Freedom *
* Freedom *
* You've got to give
what you take *
* Freedom *
-* Oooh. yeah! *
* Oh. yeah. freedom *
Hey!
-* You've got to give
what you take *
* Heaven knows we sure
had some fun. boy *
* What a kick.
just a buddy and me *
I see you!
[ Cheers and applause ]
* We had every big-shot
good-time band on the run. boy *
* We were living in a fantasy *
Hey!
-* Living in a fantasy *
* Yeah. we won the race.
got out of the place *
* And I went back home.
got a brand new face *
* For the boys on MTV *
-* Boys on MTV *
* But today the way I play
the game has got to change *
* Oh. yeah *
-* Oh. yeah *
-* Now I'm gonna
get myself happy *
* I think there's something
you should know *
-* I think it's time
I stop the show *
-* There's something
deep inside of me *
-* There's someone
I forgot to be *
-* Take back your pictures
in a frame *
-* Don't think that
I'll be back again *
* I just hope you understand *
* Sometimes the clothes
do not make the man *
But sometimes they do. honey!
-* All we have to do now *
* Is take these lies *
* And make them true somehow *
-* All we have to see *
* Is that I don't
belong to you *
* And you don't belong to me *
* Yeah. yeah! *
* Yeah. oh. yeah *
* Freedom *
* Oh. freedom *
-* You've got to give
what you take *
* Freedom *
-* Ooh. yeah. freedom *
* Oh. yeah. freedom *
-* You've got to give
what you take *
-Freedom is a basic human right.
Well. right now for some of us.
it's more of a privilege
than a luxury.
My dad always says that
a problem clearly defined
is half solved.
But we know the issues
we're faced with.
But now we have to look them
fearlessly in the eye.
and confront generations
of misunderstanding and hatred.
We can't end at awareness.
We can't talk about it.
We got to be about it.
We gotta combat these issues
with education. compassion.
brazenness. and above all else.
love!
Love is always the answer.
Whenever you're in doubt
about yourself.
your own power. your identity.
your sexuality.
whatever the challenge
you're facing may be.
love is never wrong.
As Mama Ru says.
"If you can't love yourself.
how in the hell are you
gonna love somebody else?
Can I get an amen!"
* All we have to do now *
* Is take these lies *
* And make them true somehow *
* All we have to see *
* Is that I don't
belong to you *
* And you don't belong to me.
yeah. yeah *
-* Freedom *
-* Oh. yeah. freedom *
* Oh. yeah. freedom *
-* You've got to give
what you take *
* Freedom *
-* Oh. yeah. freedom *
* Oh. yeah. freedom *
-* You've got to give
what you take *
We're sending little sparkles
and peace. hope. and optimism
to everybody at home
who joined us to celebrate Pride
here at the Ryman!
Thank you to this vaxxed
audience for being responsible
and taking the steps
to protect each other
and make it possible
for live shows like this one
to come back to life!
Goodnight. y'all!
-* You've got to give
what you take *
[ Cheers and applause ]
**
Everybody say "love"!
[ Cheers and applause ]
Thank you. everybody!
Goodnight.
Thank you to all my guests!
Brothers Osborne!
Little Big Town!
Mickey Guyton!
Maren Morris!
Thank you guys so much!
Thank you everybody!
Thank you to my queens!
Thank you. Premier Athletics!
Thank you Orville Peck!
You my boo thing on the low.
Thank y'all so much!
Thank you!
-* Freedom *
* Freedom *
* You've got to give
what you take *
* Freedom *
* You've got to give
what you take *
* Freedom *
* You've got to give
what you take *
**
[ Cheers and applause ]